1867 doc for static properties (#2097)
deepchecks/deepchecks: docs/source/user-guide/vision/vision_properties.rst

   the snow, the brightness of the image may be used to predict the label "wolf" easily. In this case, a model
   might not learn to discern wolf from dog by the animal's characteristics, but by using the background color.

Passing Properties to the Checks
================================

> The properties can be passed to the check in one of two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, checks using properties will use the :ref:`built-in properties <Deepchecks' Built-in Properties>`. Those default properties can be modified or overridden in one of two ways:
```

> #. **Properties** - a list of functions to be calculated on the data during the check (specific format listed below)

Reviewer: You can also select a subset of existing properties, no?

Author: @noamzbr I'm not aware of such option

   passed to the check init.

> #. **Static Properties** - a dictionary with the result of pre calculated properties per sample passed to the check run.

Reviewer: Should be named "Pre-Calculated Properties" IMO
Maybe a word here on why I'd want that, or alternatively (as this is explained in the relevant section) link to the section, and just way "Properties calculated per sample before running the check. Read more ..."

box), which means the returned list may contain either primitives values or a lists of primitive values per
label/prediction.

Customizing the Checks' Properties
==================================
By default, checks using properties will use the :ref:`built-in properties <Deepchecks' Built-in Properties>`.

> Those default properties can be modified or overridden in one of two ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those default properties can be overridden in one of two ways:
```
If we can't select a subset...
